I'd like to welcome once again, and he's got come to the committee room to witness these hearings,
and to be present at the concluding session of a long series of hearings.
I must again report to our friends in the audience these standing committee rules,
and since we want to move forward with the maximum dispatch and decorm this afternoon,
I want to emphasize the standing committee rules for a bid,
any audible manifestations from the audience of any kind at any time.
That includes any unnecessary disturbances in the nature of applause or any other type of
activity which might be disturbing to the committee proceedings.
The uniformed members of the Capitol Police Force and the plane closements scattered to the audience
for whom once again the chair would like to say they have done a perfectly magnificent job.
Those officials have a standing order from the committee to immediately remove from the committee room
any of you who for reasons best known to yourself elect to eject yourself by violating the terms under which it enters the room.
As the chair enters the chamber this afternoon, he observes several hundred, I believe,
people standing in the hall of age each wishing he were where you are now.
And consequently, the guards may have that in mind,
and so they need have no hesitation about carrying out the chair's instructions.
If any of you should, by someone happy,
failure to comply with the rules of the committee,
do anything to disrupt or disturb the conduct of the hearings in this room.
I am confident that you will continue to give us the splendid cooperation that we have had throughout the year.
Subject to being directed by his colleagues, I believe,
that Senator Dirkson has the last ten minutes.
And if that's correct, I believe,
Senator Dirkson had you had your ten minutes, I'm not just going to be your pass.
The Senator's time is in.
That's fine.
Chair would like to say, in behalf of Senator McCullough,
the meeting with you is called to attend this morning,
involving an atomic energy installation with resumed at two o'clock,
and he thinks he'll be with us by about two thirty.
And the Senator Potter has had to go back to the conduct of his committee,
dealing with the television industry,
and Senator Dirkson will be with us shortly.
Do you pass under the judge's act?
Mr. Cohn, do you pass?
Very well, Mr. Welch.
We'll start with you.
You have the first ten minutes.
I'm going to move out.
I think.
When I was last pressing, you said I was pressing,
you pressed me, you, about the item of leaning over backwards,
in respect to a commission or other special treatment of any time for the day of its time.
And you would told me, I think that you had made it quite clear,
that the secretary was to at least, was to lean over backwards.
Is that right, sir?
That's right, that's right, that's right.
And I was asking you, I think,
and I don't believe you, and yet, made it that clear to me,
whether or not you yourself had any termination to lean over backwards on that point.
I didn't know any lady.
You didn't lean over backwards, but I didn't lean as well.
Either way, is that right?
Either forward or backwards.
That's right.
Now, on the occasion,
when you were at Mr. Stevens in respect of this matter on March 12, 1954,
you did not make any reference to the effect that you had asked him to lean over backwards.
Is that right, Senator?
You have the wire before you went out.
And why didn't you read it this morning?
And similarly, when you wrote in December 22, 1953,
a letter which is in evidence and which, and through which I will return again,
you did not mention that fact in December.
Like a flower, what do you mean?
The ones in the box,
the ones in the box,
the ones in the library.
You know that's not the ones in.
Yes, that's the one.
Your question was that I asked,
did I ask Stevens to do any leaning on this letter?
The question is, I don't want to say a few things.
You didn't say anything about it.
I think in that letter, either, Senator.
No, but I made it very clear here.
Well, I just told you,
some of my fewer things that are to me more early.
I take it the letter of December 22,
and then again, I will come back out and let's add another time.
Was there pretty carefully prepared letter with it now?
Is one of the many letters I just said?
Yes.
I explained it, I knew it was in it.
Right.
I have no apology for it.
Well, I'm not suggesting that you apologize,
but my question is whether or not it was a reasonably carefully prepared letter.
Oh, I think all the work in my office is carefully prepared.
Now that, again, you would have been an appropriate time
to record this oral statement of yours,
the Secretary Stephen Chabino backwards, what does not?
No.
When you could have done it, Senator,
I mean, if you remembered it,
it would have only taken a line or two to remind him of that fact.
Could color the work.
You could have reminded the Secretary of the fact
that you had told him early that you wanted to lean over backwards
in respect of G. David Stein.
I could have put anything in the letter, yes.
And you didn't?
I only have put in the letter, what is it, before you?
Yes. Did you think of doing it, Senator?
Think of asking him lean over backwards?
No.
I've reclawed him the Journey of the Backers.
I didn't, uh...
I put it in the letter, I, uh...
Don't think that there's any debate in my mind as to what I should put in the letter.
Did you think of it at that time?
Oh, I wouldn't know.
Sir?
Oh, I wouldn't.
I mean, do you mean the...
I said I'd remember 16th conversation.
Yes, I'm sure I did.
I was aware of the fact that I had told Bob Stevens not to, yes.
Did they have signed any special consideration?
And were you thinking...
I told him we lean over backwards so he wouldn't be cut at times.
And were you thinking of that fact when the decade is a letter?
Well, I, uh, as soon as I looked like we remembered that conversation at the time...
And thought about, is that right, Senator?
I don't know, but I was, uh...
What I thought about besides what's in the letter.
I don't.
I dictate to many of these in the course of one day, Mr. Ralph,
and you're what else I'm maybe thinking about besides what I dictate.
I think the letter is very complete.
Wait, except what I say for this point.
One thing is very complete.
Now, to put that for a moment, to the autumn of 1950s.
May I remind you once again of the day, so on June 22nd, you're against the Shine family.
On September 15th, you're at the Shine apartment, and it's just even...
On September 16th, the morning of the 60s.
Well, I think it's the night of the 15th, I believe, that you are at the apartment,
and meet Mr. Stevens there on the morning of the 60s.
I'm not even the morning of the 60s, so they told you...
I may well have stayed in the Shine apartment, that is the apartment of Mr. and Mrs. Meyer,
Shine, and not Dave's apartment, I may well have stayed in that tonight before.
I don't remember.
And on October 13th of that year, there was a dinner party,
and what's D. David Shine was a guest?
Do you remember?
Dave's a girl with a party with him.
Yes, David, he's a great...
And Mr. Collins, and I think his family were guests, all were giving the party.
Mr. Collins was giving the party a given for...
Well, Jenny, my...
Mrs. McCarthy and May, wait a little bit for turns tomorrow.
And do you remember that there was an arrangement made, or that Mr. Stevens testified,
that he was driven downtown the next morning by D. David Shine?
I think that was his testimony.
Does it strike you, Senator, that there was some kind of a concerted...
move on at that time to try to get a commission for D. David Shine?
No, the officer is served.
What do you mean there was a move to avoid giving him one?
Mr. Wilson, I have told you...
You said the officer...
So many times now that I know it must be boring to Arlesby's.
I told you that Mr. Stevens brought up the question of a commission.
I told Bob Stevens and knew the fact that we were investigating
communism till face to the Army,
until the question which he and Herethas, not that he was responsible for,
that I thought it would be a mistake if he did anything which could be misconstrued
by those elements of the press and radio, which had been opposing any exposure of communists,
in the presence of Dave Shine and Roy Cohn.
I suggested that he lean over backwards.
In any decision he made in regard to Dave Shine,
he apparently has leaned over very, very far backwards.
What does Dave Shine is silly private?
He has had no consideration of any kind and rightly so,
except he was given the right to take his hours' time off and to committee work.
In that connection, Senator, are you aware of the fact that Mr. Stevens himself has
a son 21 months or more abroad, who is the corporal only?
I am aware of the thanks about Mr. Stevens' son, yes.
I will not discuss them unless you insist upon me.
Are you aware of his rank, sir?
I am aware of the fact that he was a corporal when we last heard about him.
Right.
Now, let me ask you about Dave's shine only,
quite aside from talking to you about the secretary,
from your observation of Dave's shine and your conversations with him.
Did you get the impression that Dave's shine was extremely hopeful that he was going to be?
I think Dave was anxious to get a commission.
Very anxious.
Well, I think he has the normal attitude of any young man who is going into the military.
I think he wanted a commission.
I think he knows how to do that.
Did you observe on his plan on his part,
a plan to secure whatever assistance he could with the limits of pride?
From you, sir?
He asked for no assistance to me.
Well, he was not unwilling to take that.
Except for me to follow for that.
Except for me.
He asked me to have the liaison officer with a senate who, as I have explained,
has an officer over here who works at every senate district.
Yes, and I have the liaison officer giving him the details of how he should apply,
how he should apply what possible openings there might be.
I think the first application is with transport because of his background and experience in that.
Did he know that you were talking to General Reaver on his behalf?
Nothing is to him.
Well, did he know you were talking to General Reaver?
He knew that I had asked Reaver to give him the technical information of how to apply.
And that I had asked Reaver before there was nothing as entitled as much.
Now, I have to go back for a moment.
I think I'll pass that assistance.
I would like to ask you if I made one or two things about your filing systems.
May have been implied into somewhat my others here.
Right.
Do I understand, Senator, that some of the files that I respectfully are really committed file,
so I kept in your office, in your mini-year senatorial office?
No.
Well, where do you keep the documents like the two-in-the-part of page documents that we had here?
Mr. Welts, I was only a thing in that that was down on the committee files.
However, I heard Mr. Tach has to file the effects that it was not of to my office.
I will take Mr. Tachar's testimony on that because I'm sure he's right in that.
Well, that you would consider an important document, would you not?
It was important, but not important, beyond many documents.
You wouldn't allow it to lie around carelessly with the senator?
It did not lie around carelessness.
That's what I want to ask about that.
Have you was safe in your office?
I have.
Was that document kept in that state?
Apparently it wasn't, Mr. Welts, I may have said that I wasn't aware of that,
so I heard Mr. Caracastopry, and I checked that Mr. Visco Aaron,
he tells me that that document was in my safe rather than in the committee file.
May I ask who had his access to your safe?
Others are new and not.
My, and most of the substance.
I have access.
Mrs. Visco, now I have for some.
I don't think anyone else will come in.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Mr. Tachar, any questions?
I shall pass, under my phone.
No, the senator is in my right.
Under my left.
Mr. Cohen?
No, Mr. Welts, no, Mr. Tachar.
There's also a period senator.
But at the time, Mr. G. D. W. Cine was at Camp 6.
Some of the files of the committee were in the cone home.
Did you hear that just by do?
Mr. Cohen tells me that when they were working on the reports in New York,
he took to New York Materials, as you needed,
and to work on those reports.
And some in Mr. Shines home.
Uh, within the business.
Uh, and I understand yes.
And some in Mr. Shines office.
I don't know about that.
Well, I think that was so test-fived, too,
if you asked Mr. Cohen, I think you would confirm that.
Mr. Cohen, so yes, there was material in there, though.
And I take it, uh, those files.
Uh, I'm not so clear about what was in New York,
but I gathered from what it's been said about them.
But it makes the summit stamp, those files contained information
from private informers.
Uh, will you ask Mr. Cohen whether or not that is so?
Well, let me have a look at what that says.
I have a standing rules that, uh, my stamp of void,
uh, putting a name for any, uh, government employees
to give us information in the files,
unless that's absolutely necessary.
Now, your question is, when I ask Mr. Cohen whether or not
there are any such names and files.
Well, I don't think you need to do what you say to us now.
And what you say makes the,
and the insistent inquiry to you.
You spoke to the speak of government employees as informers.
I gather senators.
Let's use the word informant.
Way out informant.
You know what I mean by the word, don't you?
Uh, except I, uh, I use the word informant rather than informant.
Way out informant.
Well, maybe I could use the word informant.
I don't see any grades in between them.
I use seats of the, of the informant.
Um, as well they are cheaply in government service.
Is that correct or not?
I would say, yes, we get most of the information
in regard to wrongdoing from people who are in government.
Are any of them, uh, think about this a moment before you answer
NACM obscure?
Are any of them anonymous to you in the sense that you even do not know their names?
Well, we receive, uh, anonymous tips.
Some of them are proved to be completely ignored.
That, yes.
Of course.
Some, uh, proofs be of some of that.
Yes.
But I'm thinking more of, uh, as to whether or not you actually have informers
from the identity they can feel from you,
although you know them as a person of some, as a person.
Do you mean, uh, have I just just any matter,
as good information as many of them,
and have them conceal their name from me?
Right, that's some of the answers. No, the note of that.
Now, one, one or two other questions along this line.
Would you be embarrassed, Senator?
And just think though if you are,
would you be embarrassed if I asked you to tell us approximately
the approximate number of such informers?
I wouldn't be embarrassed by such an suggestion.
Does it run into scores?
Mr. Welter, I wouldn't have to be able to tell you as, uh, you know, I think,
many investigative agencies, each investigator,
uh, has his own people who give them information.
Uh, I never asked any of my investigators, uh, for the names,
the number of people who give them information.
Uh, I am merely concerned about their getting information,
about wrongdoing, which I think should be,
well, may it be public.
If you were to tell me, Senator, that you would be embarrassed
to reveal the number, I think I would have quickly respected
the number. No, not anymore.
But since you are under no embassies, I wish you would give us
a notion as to, as of today, let us say,
as a number of informants of our in-government services.
No, I'll.
Mr. Welter, uh,
I think Mr. Julianna, back here, one of my ex-
excellent investigators,
like Mr. Fungcar here, Mr. Roy Cohn.
I know they all get information from various people.
Uh, information about wrongdoing,
since the American people entitled to have.
I don't have the slightest impression.
Uh, how many people come to that?
Anyone of these young men would get a total of 14 investigations,
I think, right?
Total 14 investigators, how many people, uh,
give them information, I just don't know.
I'm thinking now only of yourself.
Can you tell us some notion of how many informants
have, as they part direct with you?
Oh, that would be impossible, since I...
I think after the five percent investigation,
in the investigation of five percent as in government,
the information that the government employees then learn,
that, uh, their identities,
but not they made public if they gave us information about wrongdoing.
Uh, we try to get information from them,
because the number I don't know after the tidings hearings,
and Mr. tidings, others,
tried to force me to give the names of those who were giving us information,
and I assured,
that if people in government thought their names were not big,
given the, uh, 12 information,
please, again,
I frankly did not give you any idea, uh, Mr. Wells,
so the number of people is supply-inly within the nation.
Would you think it was more than 100, Senator?
I would not judge.
Now, many are asking this.
Uh, you've knew about the opportunity to extend over the radio and television,
and invitation to government employees come to you,
that these hearings have been going on.
Can you tell us whether advertising pays or not?
Just, just any of the truth, I have not had an opportunity to, uh,
to, uh, examine my mail,
to, uh, meet people who,
offer information as I go to this room.
I think I was button-rolled about three times today by individuals who appeared to be,
good honest people,
so they had information to give me.
I had to tell them that I couldn't stop from the last of this,
was over, uh,
lost the result of my assurance to,
the government employees that their names will be protected,
how much more information will get around doing communism?
Uh, I don't know.
Well, I just, I just hope that an increase in the flow of information.
You trouble me at one point.
You say your mail is file left and is not unopened?
No, I did not.
I, I, I said that I personally have no chance to examine them.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I look at a very efficient staff.
You, you don't, I think, I think they've been, uh,
when you give me a good opportunity now that you're else,
they've explained that people who fly in there,
letters are not answered.
Absolutely impossible to answer the mail that comes to our office.
And I'm glad that the,
my television viewers will know that, uh,
they just know when Earth,
with a small office staff that I can answer,
all of the mail, uh,
we saw it out the mail from Wisconsin.
And, uh, I think my staff does a pretty good job of answering that.
Well, now a senator, if you have a,
seven colleagues,
just a committee to you,
who also have a lot of mail.
I'm, I'm sure that's true.
In fact, I'm sure that, uh, Mr. Jenkins here,
from what I hear.
Has, had a vast amount of mail.
I'm sure that doing the job he's been doing,
he's been unable to even open.
A great number of those letters.
And, uh, I hope that,
I hope that you're people back in Tennessee.
Realized it's not, uh,
a lack of a desire to answer them.
I think I screwed all the numbers.
But, uh, just, uh,
no possible he's doing it.
But now a senator,
you, uh, you have a new chair to say something about a guy he needs.
Well,
I, sir, have a little trickle of mail.
A trickle I would say compared to yours.
And I'm very happy to say some of it says
that I'm seen to them quite a good lawyer.
And some of them say they're about the worst they ever heard.
And in either event,
whether they praise me or blame me,
I haven't had a chance to answer them either.
And I guess they all understand that.
Now, as to you senator,
as to Mr. Cohen,
and I happen to know that I have had a very heavy mail.
And I'm sure it's true.
I'm sure it's true everyone on this side of the table.
It is not impossible to do the work that we have had to do.
The finance of that may be.
Can I say, Mr. Wells,
that, uh,
to those of you who are a good lawyer,
I would like to, uh,
add to the House of the Palace,
as not they became to Wellstake.
But I think that you have, uh,
uh,
fought this lawsuit,
you can call that,
made good,
hard,
rough,
fashion,
uh,
it's the American tradition.
You and I might have agreed.
Disagree, and what,
uh, you might do some days,
and I might do some days.
But, uh,
I think you've, uh,
fought a very good fight with an impossible case.
Well,
I don't know whether it's actually cast
them or all of adversaries or not,
but I might turn it right around
and then you've fought an excellent fight
with what I hope, sir,
and believed to be a losing case.
Thank you.
I was inquiring about your mail only in this respect.
Although it gave us an opportunity to say something about it,
it would make me uneasy to think that it all
had been sent to a little attention as given.
We have any of these confidential documents bouncing around.
You suppose they're our senator?
I wouldn't say a little attention was given to it.
Uh, I believe we received, uh,
uh,
oh, I think I'll ask that as much as around
seven or eight thousand letters a day.
I've got, I think,
eight girls in the office.
Uh, obviously they can have answered all those letters.
We try and give the mail the best possible attention.
I think my pop-up staff is doing, uh,
just an outstanding job.
Are those girls sufficiently trained
so that if a confidential FBI document
from some disgruntled employee bounced in,
they know what it was?
Well, number one, let's not talk about a disgruntled employee.
If anyone knows the wrong doing,
he doesn't have to be disgruntled.
Well, let's face it.
You don't have to let me finish the letter.
Let's face it.
Take your out.
This is a very important point.
You have the inside to
intimate the flows
to give us information wrong doing our disgruntled.
Well, to else,
all these sundries at the table here,
and including myself,
have been, uh,
given the highest job this nation can offer.
That is the man who's the man who's the worst-tower explanation.
Anybody who knows that he's wrong doing,
or is an absolute truthy
to bring the information to us.
There's not a case of being disgruntled.
It's a case of loyalty.
And many of them risk their jobs.
Risk their jobs to do that.
We've been all through that, Senator,
and I think we don't retire each other,
and those that listen to us,
we'll go through it anytime you will,
and the disgruntled.
Uh, let's say that we have an unhappy employee.
Well, one that thinks his boss doesn't move swiftly enough.
That's where the pink comes with me, Senator,
on this scheme of yours.
So maybe cases where patience is required to catch Communists.
You can understand such a situation, can't you?
I have no patience with a Communist family in Cyprus.
I think Senator, you either miss Sunday.
Senator, I'm glad to hear you again today.
You're welcome.
Mr. Jenkins, any questions?
I, Cheryl, pass, on to my phone,
or any of the sundries on my left.
Any sundries on my right?
Mr. Collins, back to you, Mr. Wilson, have another time.
I think Senator, you either miss Sunday.
Or, purposefully change what I said.
I said there are, can be circumstances where in the pursuit of Communists or subversives,
patience is a great virtue.
Is that not right, sir?
What?
And you answered me by saying you have no patience with Communists.
I haven't either, sir.
But when it comes to tracking them down, finding out who their friends are,
finding out whether they may actually have espionage features
and spit amurally subversive or poor security risk features,
patience sometimes is required, isn't it?
Mr. Wilson, I mean, instead of getting a yes or no answer,
I think the patience with Algebra hits ten years of patience.
The patience with halidextra point has done unlimited damage to this nation.
I think there are a great number of young men dead today because of that patience
if you want to call them.
It was more than as far as I am concerned.
I have no patience with a man who is guilty of treason.
I will agree with you however, but I'm typing down Communists that sometimes
the investigation may be long, may be tedious, it may take months and months.
That's right, sir.
Now you have said what I hoped you would say because that's quite obvious.
My trouble senator comes at this point.
If you have a threatful, impetuous employee who sees an FBI document
in his boss's hands and doesn't see immediate results,
I get a little nervous about that threatful, impetuous fellow.
For fear he will shoot it over to you before his boss has had a chance
to be patient about tracking down the Communists.
Do you ever have any uneasiness from that point, senator?
Mr. Wilson.
If the answer that you do or don't, Mr. Wilson, unless until
you can give us one eye over whatever,
showing that we've been too impetuous and exposing Communists.
We've been too impatient.
The question is a much question.
Senator.
We take each piece of information we get.
We evaluate it and up until this time Mr. Wilson,
I have said that probably in here you have 36 days.
No one has accused us of exposing a Communist who should not have been exposed.
No one has accused us of following a witness who should not have been called.
Now your question, I'm sure you don't mean it that way.
Your question intimates that maybe we've been rushing anything blindly.
If we have been, I'm sure.
I'm sure that the Sumters here, you would have exposed us back long before the closing day.
Senator, you just messed my question and we don't have any other job there in the dark.
I'm not talking about your impatience, sir.
You've never exposed the Communists too suddenly for me or too suddenly for Mr. Robert Steven.
Thank you.
I am talking about the guy that may have the copy of the document.